[docs][material-ui] Add small polish to the Templates page (#39224)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/getting-started/templates/templates.md

title: 9+ Free React Templates
---

> # Templates

Author: I suspected you would point that out! No worries.

<p class="description">Browse our collection of free React templates to get started building your app with Material UI, including a React dashboard, React admin panel, and more.</p>

<!-- #default-branch-switch -->

## Free templates

Our curated collection of free Material UI templates includes dashboards, sign-in and sign-up pages, a blog, a checkout flow, and more.

> They can be combined with one of the [example projects](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/tree/master/examples) to form a complete starter.

Reviewer: Better?

```suggestion
They can be combined with one of the [example projects](/material-ui/getting-started/example-projects/) to form a complete starter.
```

Looking for something more? You can find complete templates and themes in the <a href="https://mui.com/store/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=templates-store">premium template section</a>.

<a href="https://mui.com/store/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=templates-store">

> <img src="/static/images/themes-display.png" alt="react templates" width="1140" height="600" />

Reviewer: Do we want to support dark mode as well? We could pull it off with

```
<div class="only-light-mode">
  <img src="/static/x/watermark-light.png" width="1306" height="536" style="width: 653px; margin-bottom: 2rem;" alt="" loading="lazy">
</div>
<div class="only-dark-mode">
  <img src="/static/x/watermark-dark.png" width="1290" height="548" style="width: 645px; margin-bottom: 2rem;" alt="" loading="lazy">
</div>
```

Author: Ohh! I'll explore this more — always wanted to have custom-tailored dark mode images!

Author: I'll leave that for a future PR where I can tackle light & dark images on the docs more holistically!
Will keep this one simple, for now 🤙

> <a href="https://mui.com/store/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=templates-store">
> <img src="/static/images/themes-display.png" alt="react templates" width="1140" height="600" />

Reviewer: As a side note, it might be best to use the actual image dimension, 

```suggestion
<a href="https://mui.com/store/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=templates-store">
<img src="/static/images/themes-display.png" alt="react templates" width="2280" height="1200" />
```

With @Janpot we explored improving the image infrastructure https://www.notion.so/mui-org/Docs-infra-Images-solution-30e78dbf24744ed5b570027656139092, it seems that its what we will need DOM to contain, but we will add automation to save time. For example what Next.js has in its DOM: https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/patterns#streaming.

I have updated https://www.notion.so/mui-org/High-quality-media-5a1686758f4f4267989b67a1c2c270da?pvs=4#2c953181fe534200ac688d414ca0bf85 to reflect this.
